hi guys it's Ashley with hugs and pearls
and today I am back to do a special
product review of something I have
absolutely been loving and I'm kind of
surprised to actually be doing this
review just because this brand it's not
a bad brand but it's on the cheaper end
and sometimes in life you get what you
pay for and sometimes that being more
expensive things or a better quality but
I would say not in this case this is a
great bargain and especially if you're
looking for this I think it's gonna be
really great so let me go ahead and get
into it
today we are going to be discussing the
suave professionals with Moroccan and
argan oil the Moroccan infusion shine
shampoo and conditioner and I'm also
going to talk about the body lotion as
well in a minute but first off I just
wanted to go ahead and talk about this
awesome product so suave has come out
with this new suave professional line
and there are a ton of new scents
different things that they do for your
hair and of course you know I'm always
kind of skeptical because suave is
typically a cheaper brand it's a
drugstore brand you can find this at
Target CVS Walgreens Walmart and I
honestly was really really surprised but
I liked it and it works as much as it
does I always am looking for something
to condition my hair I have very very
dry hair I've talked about it a lot it
needs a lot of conditioning and it also
needs a lot of help with friends now I
will say the one thing that really
attracted me to the Moroccan shine
shampoo was the scent I love the scent
of Moroccan oil I think it is amazing
and also it does help to use Moroccan
oil in your hair if you do have dry
frizzy hair it can help I use certain
different types of oil in my hair but
I've never really seen it infused in a
shampoo in this way and it is
nicest smell I just I think I love the
smell the most and it just honestly like
Moroccan oil reminds me of beachy
coconutty lightness like it reminds me
of almost like a summary summary light
breezy scent and so that's one of the
reasons why I love how it smells it just
makes my hair smell so good
it lathers really well it feels like
it's really cleaning your hair and it
says it's for normal to dry hair so I
definitely fall into the dry hair
category and I absolutely love it I also
have the shampoo I mean sorry the
conditioner and I will say the
conditioner is good it's not the best
conditioner out there but I always use a
deep conditioner after this so I still
I'm using it and again it's a lovely
scent so they also have a deep
conditioned
I think repair mask for your hair but I
haven't picked that up yet so I mean I
am definitely going to be trying it just
because I love the scent so much and
another thing is I love what I can still
smell the scent in my hair after I'm
done with my shower and I actually kind
of smell it and one of the great things
is for me I feel like when I get out of
the shower it is so difficult for my
hair to remain calm and not frizz and
get all crazy on me with this stuff I
feel like it really really really helps
and what's even better is the price
point for this is like two to three
dollars a bottle depending on where you
get it you can't beat that and in my
opinion this is like a really good deal
and again I just think Moroccan oil is a
really nice oil to use the back of this
does say that you should notice a shine
long-lasting conditioning and luxurious
fragrance and I would say yes to all
three of those things you do see that
and what the company says it Moroccan
argan oil is a lightweight miracle oil
that absorbs instantly and is known to
give brilliant shine and long-lasting
conditioning benefits which is true the
shine shampoo infused with authentic
Moroccan argan oil gently cleans while
making hair brilliantly shiny and I
definitely would have to agree
that so if you are looking for something
for dry hair to keep your hair nice and
smooth even I think reduces frizz a
little bit definitely try this out and
if you like the Moroccan oil scent you
will not be disappointed now I will say
there are a ton of other great scents in
this product line for different types of
hair as well I believe there's the
keratin one I would check those out
because I'm just so impressed by suave
honestly the last time I had suave was
probably back when I was a younger
younger kid and I remember just liking
it because it had a green apple smell
but it was a basic shampoo there wasn't
anything fancy about it and it was cheap
well these are cheap and they are
amazing so I've give these a two thumbs
up so moving on I will go ahead and talk
a little bit about the body lotion
because I love this scent so much I
couldn't help myself but to pick up one
of the big bottles of the lotion I
didn't see it in a smaller bottle so I
have a big bottle but I've actually gone
through a little chunk of it already so
pump it out for you guys it just comes
out white creamy super super I love the
smell like I just absolutely love the
smell it's a really great kind of after
you get out of the shower lotion it
definitely feels kind of replenishing
and refreshing and the smell I think is
really what gets me ultimately is the
smell but you know it won't last all day
but it's there for a couple of hours
afterwards and again it's just I really
am so impressed with these professional
professional suave lines it's definitely
one of those things where I really did
not not expect that at all and
especially for the price you just can't
beat it and this is a good size this is
a 18 fluid ounces and I want to say it
couldn't been over five or six dollars I
paid for this so if you're looking for
something to a new body lotion and you
do like that Moroccan oil scent again I
just totally recommend this it's it's
been a while since I really felt like
I've raved about a product but I
definitely am going to be buying that
deep conditioner to try that out in this
line and see
goes and I may even try another cent
later because the cents are just so
gorgeous in the other professional lines
of swap so swap a good job well done I
really really like it and if you guys
are looking for something that might
help you with your dry hair or help you
keep you moisturized definitely check it
out thanks for tuning in guys I'll see
you soon bye